# Detection-of-Covid-19-Using-Transfer-Learning

The rapidly developed Corona virus, also known as Covid-19, with the first case confirmed in Wuhan, China, has spread around the globe and is classified as one of the greatest crisis in this centenary. The disease has driven researchers to develop more intelligent and efficient detection methods since it has proved pervasive demands for diagnosis. The purpose of this research is to provide an effective Covid-19 detection model by using neural networks and transfer learning on two data sets of healthy and unhealthy classified images that we have collected. Transfer learning is applied by adapting the pre-trained VGG-16 architecture together with the prepared data set. The result of our experiments show that the utilized model can provide a very high classification accuracy for our given data set. To examine what our network learnt to identify, image occlusion was applied and the results, that covering the lungs decreases performance, were discussed. Along with these results and our concluding next step implementations, this deep learning model has potential to be used to detect Covid-19 on x-ray images with high certainty.
I carried out this project with two colleagues. Here you can find our code. There were many different versions of the program used, but CODE.ipynb should give you a good overview. In Colab Noteboks/ there are some notebooks used and in Results/ we have saved the notebook (with the results) and its picture for most of the important runs.
The following datasets were used: 
https://github.com/ieee8023/covid-chestxray-dataset
https://www.kaggle.com/paultimothymooney/chest-xray-pneumonia/data
